Believe you can and you're halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. – Sam Levenson
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference in the world. – Roy T. Bennett
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. – George Addair
Power is neither good nor evil. Its possessor makes it so! – Satyam Srivastava
Opportunities don't happen. You create them. – Chris Grosser
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – Walt Disney
Your choices are the chisel; your life is the sculpture. – Satyam Srivastava
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph. – George Washington
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. – Theodore Roosevelt
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. – Walt Whitman
Dream big and dare to fail. – Norman Vaughan
If you uphold dharma when it is difficult, it shall protect you when it is impossible. – Satyam Srivastava
It always seems impossible until it's done. – Nelson Mandela
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. – Franklin D. Roosevelt
If you can dream it, you can do it. – Walt Disney
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. – C.S. Lewis
Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter. – Dan Reeves
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. – Steve Jobs
Stay hungry, stay foolish. – Steve Jobs
We are the artist, karma is our brush and life is the art. – Satyam Srivastava
Do your duty, but do not concern yourself with the results. We have the right to do our duty, but the results are not dependent only upon our efforts. – Satyam Srivastava
The mind is everything. What you think, you become. – Buddha
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. – Albert Einstein
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. – Mark Twain
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. – Roy T. Bennett
Silence is the language of God; all else is poor translation. – Rumi
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. – Zig Ziglar
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. – Steve Jobs
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. – Arnold Schwarzenegger
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. – Stephen Covey
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. – John Lennon
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. – Mother Teresa
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. – Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. – Margaret Mead
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. – Robert Louis Stevenson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life? – Mary Oliver
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. – Mae West
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. – Thomas A. Edison
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is never too late to be what you might have been. – George Eliot
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. – Farrah Gray
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. – Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living. – Socrates
Spread your wings, but never forget the roots that gave you strength to fly. – Satyam Srivastava
Every storm runs out of rain. Every night turns into day. Keep moving. – Satyam Srivastava
